OSDOCS-7659: update backup and restore (#66091)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_backup_and_restore/microshift-backup-and-restore.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-backup-and-restore"]
= Backing up and restoring {microshift-short} data
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-backup-and-restore

toc::[]

You can manually back up and restore the {microshift-short} database on all supported systems. The {microshift-short} service must be stopped and Greenboot health checks must be completed prior to any backups.

[NOTE]
====
Only {microshift-short} data is backed up with the following procedures. Application data is not included.
====

* On `rpm-ostree` systems, {microshift-short} automatically creates a backup on every start. These automatic backups are deleted and replaced with the latest backup each time the system restarts.

> * If you are using an `rpm-ostree` system, restoring data is also automated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using an `rpm-ostree` system, the data is automatically restored after greenboot rolls the system back. This ensures that the database matches the software running on the host after the rollback is completed.
```
